I’m a student from India and want to learn Machine Learning. I think it will be beneficial for me to get into a good firm as an intern. But right now I don't have any  job in my hands and purely depends on  my parents  to pay for the certificate of this course. I live in Hostel which  is So far from home and monthly paying hostel fee for staying. In this circumstance, it is very much difficult for me to gather such amount of money for the certificate. Financial Aid will help me take this course without any adverse impact on me and my parents. So I’m badly in need of this financial aid.Receiving this Financial Aid will open for me a new horizons of the world of Coursera courses , which in turn will help me in future .Sir we don't have any land also in our village. My parents are daily labour. I'm at learning stage and it becomes a lot difficult for the family members to pay the whole amount. Sir, I need this course very badly for my CV and for increasing my knowledge about the subject. Even this certificate will add value to my resume in getting scholarship while applying for my masters in this domain.

I want to take this course as I want to learn Machine Learning. I want to complete the course due to my curiosity and also that I can put a good CV to  get a job. This Course will boost my job prospects after pursuing from my institute. It will help perform better in carrying out various programs in a computer language and give me an edge over my competitors. A verified certificate will attach credibility to the certificate I receive from this course. I plan to complete all assignments on or before time . Also I intend to participate in Discussion Forums. I also plan to grade assignments which are to peer reviewed which I believe will an invaluable learning opportunity. Even this certificate will add value to my resume in getting scholarship while applying for my masters in this domain. I'm an Machine learning enthusiast and possess high zeal in pursuing it  .So, i will make wise utilization of knowledge gained in this course.  



The financial status of the family is not so good to pay the loan amount. We already have a lot of dept in the bank and my parents are paying it on regular basis. It would make their life even harder to add a new loan over them. Sir, i don't want to put any pressure over them. Sir, it would be a great help for me to get a good job and help my family if I'm able to get this course.